release: bump version to 1.5.1 (#8037)
python-poetry/poetry: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## [1.5.1] - 2023-05-29

### Added

- Improve dependency resolution performance in cases with a lot of backtracking ([#7950](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/7950)).

### Changed

- Disable wheel content validation during installation ([#7987](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/7987)).

### Fixed

- Fix an issue where partially downloaded wheels were cached ([#7968](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/7968)).
- Fix an issue where `poetry run` did no longer execute relative-path scripts ([#7963](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/7963)).
- Fix an issue where dependencies were not installed in `in-project` environments ([#7977](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/7977)).
- Fix an issue where no solution was found for a transitive dependency on a pre-release of a package ([#7978](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/7978)).

> - Fix an issue where dependencies of a URL dependency were ignored ([#7995](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/7995)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue where cached repository packages were incorrectly parsed, leading to its dependencies being ignored  ([#7995](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/7995)).
```
